Docs: Add mention of preferredVisualisationType in logs datasource guide (#31910)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/developers/plugins/build-a-logs-data-source-plugin.md

- Enable logs support
- Construct the log data

> - (Optional) Encourage Grafana to treat the data as logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (Optional) Add preferred visualisation type hint to the data frame
```

Congratulations, you just wrote your first logs data source plugin! Next, let's look at a couple of features that can further improve the experience for the user.

> ### (Optional) Encourage Grafana to treat the data as logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### (Optional) Add preferred visualisation type hint to the data frame
```

> By default Grafana might not realize you're returning logs and so won't show the log view in Explore. It can be told to show that view by setting `meta.preferredVisualisationType` to `'logs'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make sure Grafana recognizes data as logs and shows logs visualization automatically in Explore you have do set `meta.preferredVisualisationType` to `'logs'` in the returned data frame. See [Selecting preferred visualisation section]({{< relref "add-support-for-explore-queries.md#selecting-preferred-visualisation" >}})
```
